feat(cookies): #7: save cookie option (#8)
TourmalineCore/TourmalineCore.AspNetCore.JwtAuthentication: README.md

# Authentication

## Basic

> To start using JWT-based authentication, need to use one method in the Startup.cs file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start using JWT-based authentication, you need to use one method in the Startup.cs file.
```

In this case, the default options will be used.

Then, the token will be required in the request header of every authorized endpoint, like this: `Authorization: Bearer {token}`.

```csharp
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services) 
{
    ...
    services.AddJwtAuthentication();
    ...
}

public async void Configure(IApplicationBuilder app, IHostingEnvironment env) 
{
    ...
    app.UseDefaultLoginMiddleware()
    app.UseJwtAuthentication();
    ...
}
```

## Cookie

> This package also allows you to store the received token in a cookie. To do that you need to use Cookie login middleware instead of default login. After successful login the token will be added to a cookie, that user will recieve in a responce. Then they can use this cookie for the authentication instead of writing the token to the Authentication header of every request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package also allows you to store the received token in a cookie. To do that you need to use Cookie login middleware instead of default login. After successful login the token will be added to a cookie, that user will receive in a response. Then they can use this cookie for the authentication instead of writing the token to the Authentication header of every request. 
```

}
```

> ## Cookie

Reviewer: I think the logical structure should be fixed (we need to group two methods of jwt transport via headers and via cookies )
